is rebranding a good idea I'm not a fan
of rebrands especially if you have a
really popular brand but if you have a
bad brand typically if something has a
negative connotation a Rebrand is not a
bad idea how do big companies deal with
rebranding but they change the name to
meta cuz they're like hey we're focusing
everything on the metaverse this is Neil
Patel helping you succeed through online
marketing all right so we are going to
talk about if rebrands are a good idea
so so let's talk about a recent Rebrand
here's an example for everyone Facebook
changing into meta so that is a Rebrand
you change your logo you change your
name and sometimes there are good
results sometimes there are bad results
so we're here to talk about this a
little more and share some
examples so I'm not a fan of rebrands
especially if you have a really popular
brand if you're new no problem not a big
deal but if you already have a lot of
Revenue and a lot depends on the person
a lot could be million bucks lock could
be 100 Grand lock could be a billion I
would not consider reing I just don't
like it I I think it's okay to adjust
the logo and the design of certain
aspects like if you look at the Apple
logo has changed over time but why not
just keep the same corporate name or you
could create a parent company like
Google did so Google's still Google but
now they have alphabet which is the
parent company of Google that I don't
think is a big deal um but if I was like
Facebook wouldn't be like we're now
known as meta you know like facebook.com
is still Facebook I don't think you
would ever see them changing from
Facebook to mea.com but they're trying
to go after this whole metaverse uh and
they're trying to make a whole different
narrative but generally speaking I think
it's a bad idea to just change the name
of anything that's popular or that makes
money because in most cases that I've
seen it typically goes down and I
haven't really seen too many cases where
it goes up oh well we got one over here
so you remember this one for sure
because we're both from California
remember when uh time Mor became
spectrum because Time Warner had such
bad reviews that they had to Rebrand so
it was like a completely oh sorry
Charter to Spectrum so in that case I
think a Rebrand works really well
because if you have a terrible name and
everyone knows you for crappy product
crappy service even if you have Revenue
it usually can't hurt and what's funny
is when they announc Spectrum everyone's
like oh this is a cool new thing no it's
not they just did a Rebrand but to the
consumer they try to fet is is something
new and fresh I'm going to show you some
good rebrands though I do agree on the
Facebook they should have just kept
Facebook honestly both the and I have ad
agencies sometimes we say meta sometimes
we say Facebook it starts to get
confusing and wait just to clarify here
the Facebook version is very different
than Google Google's just like we just
have a parent company because we do more
than search and it's called alphabet and
we own a lot of stuff Facebook even
though there's still facebook.com and
it's not a crazy terrible Rebrand I
think a terrible one would have been if
they got rid of Facebook Al together and
they just said it's meta but they Chang
the name to meta because they're like
hey we're focusing everything on the
metaverse well if you look at the
general World none of us are really like
yeah we need a metaverse it's just like
we're cool with the Facebook that you
have the Instagram that you have change
your algorithms a bit focus on this type
of content but they're the one shoving
the metaverse down our throats versus
the general population being like yes we
want a metaverse now when you look at
AI all the consumers out there in the
whole world right now even though some
people are afraid of AI majority of the
world is embracing AI you look at chat
GPT according to similar web it's the
19th most popular website on the web and
globally like I'm even in Brazil right
now asked the room how many of you guys
use Chad GPT and these were um
Executives from really large
corporations that are Global
corporations Almost 100% of them raise
their hand and there's probably like 50
60 people in the room but the point I'm
getting at is meta's Rebrand was more
like hey we want to shove the metaverse
down and it had nothing to do with what
people people wanted so I pulled up this
here's some incredible rebrands here
Neil So Patagonian toothfish now it's
called Chilean SE bass I think that's a
successful Rebrand because I don't want
to eat a tooth fish I just think about
the teeth right mayonnaise I I actually
some I I oftentimes I forget that
mayonnaise is aoli is just mayonnaise I
didn't I didn't know that aoli is just
mayonnaise I try not to eat mayonnaise
or aoli so Yoli sounds a little better
right pleather is now vegan leather okay
I I like that statistics data science
dat science machine learning machine
learning AI crypto to web 3 anyway these
are I think these top three are good
examples so your mileage may vary it
depends on the situation that you're in
and we just wanted to share a couple
examples here anything else Neil but if
if you look at the examples that you
shared typically if something has a
negative connotation a Rebrand is not a
bad idea but I hate it when companies do
a Rebrand and there's not any negative
issues or their business is so growing
well that's a good that's a good point
that's a good point um what okay let's
talk about yours so Neil Patel digital
is now MP digital that's true because
too many people felt it was relying on
Neil Patel and they're like oh what
happens if Neil's not on my campaign and
so we we kept the initials we just
shortened it we don't even go by NP
digital internally we just go NPD
because it's too long what what's funny
is we try to be NP digital from day one
technically the agency was supposed to
be called Patel I couldn't get patel.com
and then we were trying to be NP digital
and we couldn't get NPD digital.com made
the guy offer and he came back like a
year and a half later after we created
the company and then he accepted the
offer or else we would have been NP
digital from day one now if you have any
questions leave a comment below I'm here
to answer them and help you out if you
enjoyed the video like it share it tell
the people about it thank you very much